Add RBD CSI migration section to the storage volumes guide (#30533)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/volumes.md

See the [RBD example](https://github.com/kubernetes/examples/tree/master/volumes/rbd)
for more details.

#### RBD CSI migration {#rbd-csi-migration}

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.23" state="alpha" >}}

The `CSIMigration` feature for `RBD`, when enabled, redirects all plugin
operations from the existing in-tree plugin to the `rbd.csi.ceph.com` {{<
glossary_tooltip text="CSI" term_id="csi" >}} driver. In order to use this
feature, the
[CEPH CSI driver](https://github.com/ceph/ceph-csi)
must be installed on the cluster and the `CSIMigration` and `CSIMigrationRBD`
[feature gates](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
must be enabled.

{{< note >}}

> Before enabling migration for RBD, a Kubernetes storage admin has to complete
> below prerequisites in their setup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a Kubernetes cluster operator that administers storage, here are the prerequisites
that you must complete before you attempt migration to the RBD CSI driver:
```

Author: Done.

> * ceph csi driver ( rbd.csi.ceph.com) v3.5.0 or above has to be installed in the
>   cluster

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
* You must install the ceph CSI driver (`rbd.csi.ceph.com`), version 3.5.0 or above, into
  your Kubernetes cluster.
```

* considering the `clusterID` field is a required parameter for CSI driver for
  its operations, but in-tree StorageClass has `monitors` field as a required
  parameter, a Kubernetes storage admin has to create a clusterID based on the
  monitors hash ( ex:`#echo -n
  '<monitors_string>' | md5sum`) in the CSI config map and keep the monitors
  under this clusterID configuration.

> * Also, if `adminId` in the intree storageclass is different than `admin`, the

Reviewer: nits (doesn't block a merge):
```suggestion
* Also, if the value of `adminId` in the in-tree storage class is different from `admin`, the
```
or
```suggestion
* Also, if the value of `adminId` in the in-tree StorageClass is different from `admin`, the
```

depending on which is more accurate (I haven't looked).

Author: This has been addressed.

See the [RBD example](https://github.com/kubernetes/examples/tree/master/volumes/rbd)
for more details.

#### RBD CSI migration {#rbd-csi-migration}

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.23" state="alpha" >}}

The `CSIMigration` feature for `RBD`, when enabled, redirects all plugin
operations from the existing in-tree plugin to the `rbd.csi.ceph.com` {{<
glossary_tooltip text="CSI" term_id="csi" >}} driver. In order to use this
feature, the

> [CEPH CSI driver](https://github.com/ceph/ceph-csi)

Reviewer 2: Nit, I think this wants to be "Ceph CSI" rather than "CEPH CSI"

Author: Done

must be installed on the cluster and the `CSIMigration` and `CSIMigrationRBD`
[feature gates](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
must be enabled.

{{< note >}}

> As a kubernetes cluster operator that administers storage, here are the

Reviewer 2: quick nit, capitalize "Kubernetes"

Author: Done

prerequisites that you must complete before you attempt migration to the
RBD CSI driver:

> * You must install the ceph csi driver (`rbd.csi.ceph.com`), v3.5.0 or above,

Reviewer 2: nit "Ceph CSI" here as well

Author: Done

>   into your kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer 2: capitalize Kubernetes

Author: Done.

* considering the `clusterID` field is a required parameter for CSI driver for
  its operations, but in-tree StorageClass has `monitors` field as a required
  parameter, a Kubernetes storage admin has to create a clusterID based on the

>   monitors hash ( ex:`#echo -n

Reviewer 2: for consistency, does this want to be backtick'd as well? ( `monitors` )

Author: may be we can survive with above, the reason being I meant the entire command to be backtickd.

  '<monitors_string>' | md5sum`) in the CSI config map and keep the monitors
  under this clusterID configuration.

> * Also, if the value of `adminId` in the in-tree storageclass is different from

Reviewer 2: nit, StorageClass for consistency

Author: Done
